hello everyone with you again max this
ninth edition and control and how are you
remember earlier i was talking about fakes
programs for the site vkontakte today
I will tell you about the fake site itself
in contact with
some people when moving on
shortened links for example beatle it
service for shortening just did
links that will show you later
they just do not notice that they are moving
on fake links and enter your
account through this site and they are not passwords
come to the attacker in the mail and
today I will show you how it works and
what happens when you go over
such sites to further you this
avoided and so for example i will put myself
now in the role of this intruder
who wants to steal your password
I first start the VTP server which I
I can register on any for example
website hosting and I enter this photo by
gray
then I have a special daddy
where i have all the java scripts there are and also
There is a php script and I just take them
I copy on my photo n server as follows
I replace everything
and in the future I just go here
this one is my site now i will enter it
Well, of course the link is a club and a little
shifted and this window but this is all
can be adjusted
and everything will be generally invisible that is
here you can put where will
be all this and bring my own here
phone or email and password is also all
works as you see that is all
redirected to VKontakte
Further open also the script tag I find
frome variable
where it will come from i mean i
here I enter my website right in this field
further variable that here I enter my
e-mail
Well, any email you can honestly enter
I send my fake mail to whom we send
This I specifically made here such
tagging here through these two sticks 2
hearing is no longer readable creak so everything
ok and just close this all that
I needed to do the rest
present and configured and so
I confirm file replacement and now I enter
so I changed everything and now I enter
for example your login
Well, I do not know what you mean randomly and
no difference at all that is, you see what
the design is all fine and no finger
and but mace only
link and finger
is not very middle well
I press enter and turn on my
page in vkontakte so now i'm
check your e-mail
So I registered the hosting and a little
I can only wait
and here at last this password came to me
and I open the letter and see the password from vk
and user login that is a login
a password that I led on this one
here is the page everything came to me even came
my ip it's time and the date is fine
and now we will try
disguise this link so to speak so
let's go for a bit. Like and enter
here our link so copy and here and
and paste the cut and copy our
A new reference, that is, now we have only
just need to follow this link or
throw her friend we want
password so to speak sommunizdili he
she goes on to see what it is
the link is not irrigation but shortened it is not
knows what it is well, you can think of
under some pretext to tell him
here come there updated to contact or
i don't know anything i never
did and am not going to do therefore i don't
came up with a script so to speak and he
follows this link and
redirects him to this site but
then the link is changing but you can find
such services that reduce
and links them and do not change it
there will be the same link the site remains
VKontakte Well, I hope you do not
get on these fakie and all
thank you for watching everyone until new
meeting